README.md, before:

# Off Menu Podcast – Restaurant Mention Locator

This project extracts the restaurants mentioned in the Off Menu Podcast, and and identifies the **first timestamp** where each one occurs.

Mentions comes from the 'restaurants' section of the website: https://www.offmenupodcast.co.uk/restaurants. 

The transcripts (with timestamps) come from podscripts: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/off-menu-with-ed-gamble-and-james-acaster/


## Key Features

- Parses transcript data from podcast HTML pages
- Matches restaurant names using fuzzy matching
- Returns timestamp of **first mention per restaurant**
- Outputs a cleaned Parquet file containing restaurant matches, timestamps, and context:
    - 'Episode ID': The episode number.
    - 'Restaurant': The name of the restaurant mentioned.
    - 'Mention text': The original sentence where the mention was found.
    - 'Match Score': The fuzzy match score.
    - 'Match Type': The type of match (e.g., 'full, over 90' or 'No match found').
    - 'Timestamp': The nearest preceding timestamp for the mention.
    - 'Transcript sample': A short sample of the transcript text.

## Project Structure

- **data/**: Directory for all data, both raw and processed.
    - **processed/**: Processed data including the results of the pipeline
    - **raw/**: Raw, untouched input data.
- **notebooks/**: Directory for Jupyter notebooks.
    - **data_extraction/**: Notebooks related to the data extraction process.
    - **data_processing/**: Notebooks for data cleaning and transformation.
    - **Analysis/**: Notebooks for analysis of results.
- **off_menu/**: The main source code directory.
    - `__init__.py`: Initializes the directory as a Python package.
    - `config.py`: Configuration settings for the project.
    - `data_extraction.py`: Scripts for data extraction.
    - `data_processing.py`: Scripts for data processing and cleaning.
    - `utils.py`: A collection of helper functions.
- `main.py`: The entry point for the main data pipeline.
- `README.md`: The project's documentation file.
- `.gitignore`: Specifies files and directories to be ignored by Git.
- `requirements.txt`: Lists all project dependencies.

## How to Run

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

2. Run the pipeline:
```bash
python main.py
```

Output will be saved to data\processed\easy_win_mention_search_df.parquet

You can load it with the following command:
```Python
import pandas as pd
df = pd.read_parquet('data/processed/easy_win_mention_search_df.parquet')
```

## Future work

 - Do a second run of 'harder win' mentions, using tokenised mentions (effective in testing)
 - Utilise the transcripts on the official website to improve matching (available for many, but not all episodes)
 - Collate dream menus using fuzzymatching to identify the keywords/phrases that come before it's read
 - Build a web interface for the mentions, timestamps, dream menus
 - Perform analytics on the dream menus
 - Use an LLM to refine clean up mismatches, and possibly extract more fun text based insights (e.g. things James hates)

 ## Author and notes

 Created by J Andersen as part of a data science portfolio. See accompanying blog post (coming soon) for a breakdown of technical choices and lessons learned.

Commit message:

Revise README with streamlit site and to reflect updates
Updated README to reflect new streamlit site to explore output, and reflect updates including switch to slug identifiers, csv output format, including regions data in restaurant mentions

README.md, after:

# Off Menu Podcast – Restaurant Mention Locator

**A data science project to match every restaurant mentioned in the Off Menu Podcast to the timestamp and quote where it's mentioned.**

## 🚀 Launch the App [Here](https://off-menu-restaurant-finder.streamlit.app/)

## How it works

This project extracts the restaurants mentioned in the Off Menu Podcast, and and identifies the **first timestamp** where each one occurs.

Mentions comes from the 'restaurants' section of the website: https://www.offmenupodcast.co.uk/restaurants. 

The transcripts (with timestamps) come from podscripts: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/off-menu-with-ed-gamble-and-james-acaster/

## Key Features

- Parses transcript data from podcast HTML pages
- Matches restaurant names using fuzzy matching
- Returns timestamp of **first mention per restaurant**
- Outputs a cleaned csv file containing restaurant matches, timestamps, and context:
    - 'Episode ID': The episode slug.
    - 'Restaurant': The name of the restaurant mentioned.
    - 'Mention text highlighted': The original sentence where the mention was found, highlighted.
    - 'Mention text full': The mention text made up to 500 characters for a contextual quote.
    - 'Match Score': The fuzzy match score.
    - 'Match Type': The type of match (e.g., 'full, over 90' or 'No match found').
    - 'Timestamp': The nearest preceding timestamp for the mention.
    - 'Transcript sample': A short sample of the transcript text.

## Project Structure

- **data/**: Directory for all data, both raw and processed.
    - **processed/**: Processed data including the results of the pipeline
    - **raw/**: Raw, untouched input data.
- **notebooks/**: Directory for Jupyter notebooks.
    - **data_extraction/**: Notebooks related to the data extraction process.
    - **data_processing/**: Notebooks for data cleaning and transformation.
    - **Analysis/**: Notebooks for analysis of results.
- **off_menu/**: The main source code directory.
    - `__init__.py`: Initializes the directory as a Python package.
    - `config.py`: Configuration settings for the project.
    - `data_extraction.py`: Scripts for data extraction.
    - `data_processing.py`: Scripts for data processing and cleaning.
    - `streamlit_app.py` : Script for running streamlit app.
    - `utils.py`: A collection of helper functions.
- `main.py`: The entry point for the main data pipeline.
- `README.md`: The project's documentation file.
- `.gitignore`: Specifies files and directories to be ignored by Git.
- `requirements.txt`: Lists all project dependencies.

## How to Run (pipeline to generate the CSV file)

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

2. Run the pipeline:
```bash
python main.py
```

Output will be saved to data\processed\top_mentions_with_regions.csv

## Future work
 - Fix bug such that restaurants with multiple mentioning episodes are all scanned
 - Do a second run of 'harder win' mentions, using tokenised mentions (effective in testing)
 - Utilise the transcripts on the official website to improve matching (available for many, but not all episodes)
 - Use data on audio => text AI transcriptions of restaurant names to enhance search tokens (many transcripts have phonetic spellings due to audio => text conversion)
 - Make full transcripts for restaurant mentioning episodes searchable, to narrow down restaurant recommendations by dish e.g. "pasta"
 - Collate dream menus using fuzzymatching to identify the keywords/phrases that come before it's read
 - Clean and perform analytics on the dream menus
 - Use an LLM to refine clean up mismatches, and possibly extract more fun text based insights

 ## Author and notes

 Created by J Andersen as part of a data science portfolio. See accompanying blog post (coming soon) for a breakdown of technical choices and lessons learned.
